Build & deploy settings
Continuous deployment
Configuration for continuous deployment from a Git repository

Repository
Your site is linked to a Git repository for continuous deployment.
Current repository
github.com/raj-ryan/event-management-
Learn more about continuous deployment in the docs

Manage repository
Build settings
Runtime
Not set
Base directory
/
Package directory
Not set
Build command
npm run build
Publish directory
dist
Functions directory
netlify/functions
Deploy log visibility
Logs are public
Build status
Active
Learn more about configuring builds in the docs

Configure
Functions region
Configure how functions are deployed for your site.
Region
US East (Ohio) - us-east-2
Learn more about functions region in the docs

Upgrade to customizeregion
Dependency management
Manage the software and tool versions installed in the build environment for your site.
Node.js
22.x
Learn more about dependency management in the docs

Configure
Branches and deploy contexts
Deploy contexts are branch-based environments that enable you to configure builds depending on the context. This includes production and preview environments.
Production branch
main
Branch deploys
Deploy only the production branch
Deploy Previews
Any pull request against your production branch / branch deploy branches
Learn more about branches and deploys in the docs

Configure
Collaboration tools
The Netlify Drawer enables your team to collaborate on preview environments before changes go live to production. Discuss changes, file new issues, or annotate screenshots directly from a preview context.

Netlify Drawer
Enabled on Deploy Previews
Heads-up display:
Disabled
Learn more about collaboration tools in the docs

Configure
Build hooks
Build hooks give you a unique URL you can use to trigger a build.
Learn more about build hooks in the docs

Add build hook
Deploy key
A deploy key grants permissions to our build system to access your private submodule.
Learn more about deploy keys in the docs

Generate public deploy key
Build image selection
Select a different build image to change the operating system and supported software versions in the environment where our buildbot builds your site.
Build image
Ubuntu Noble 24.04 (default)
Learn more about build image selection in the docs

Configure
Automatic deploy deletion
Control when deploys are automatically deleted. Netlify will not automatically delete the deploy currently published on your site, nor the most recent successful deploy from a Git branch.
Delete deploys after
90 days
Learn more about deploy deletion in the docs

Upgrade to customizeautomatic deploy deletion
Post processing
Control the post processing and optimizations Netlify can do for you

Snippet injection
Inject analytics or other scripts into the HTML of your site.
Learn more about snippet injection in the docs

Add snippet
Pretty URLs
Pretty URLs are enabled.

Learn more about Pretty URLs in the docs

Configure
Prerendering
Beta
Enable prerendering to allow crawlers used by search engines and social networks to see the pages rendered by your app.

Learn more about prerendering in the docs

Configure
Split Testing Beta
Simple yet powerful split testing at the edge node. Test alternate designs or gradually roll out features by serving multiple Branch Deploys and distributing them across users.

Learn more about Split Testing in the docs

Get started with Split Testing
This feature requires branch deploys

Activate branch deploys and push changes to the branches you want to test.

Activate branch deploys
Deploy notifications
Set up outgoing webhooks to notify other services about deploys for your site.